fix: add note for how to close stdin pipe on windows (#4657)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.5/process-data/manage-tasks/create-task.md

# ... Task script ...

> # <ctrl-d> to close the pipe and submit the command (on Unix-like systems)
> # <enter>, then <ctrl-d>, then <enter> to close the pipe and submit the command (on Windows systems)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Linux & macOS: <ctrl-d> to close the pipe and submit the command
# Windows: <enter>, then <ctrl-d>, then <enter> to close the pipe and submit the command
```
